Document conventions for comments in CSS / Sass (#2613)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: docs/contributing/coding-standards/css.md

More write up on [supported rules](https://stylelint.io/user-guide/rules/list).

## Comments

> You should normally use two slashes (`//`) at the start of the line for comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comments, you should normally use 2 slashes (`//`) at the start of the line.
```
I know this might look odd, so reason for suggestion: style guide says to write all numbers, except for one, as numerals.

> If it's important for the comment to be included in the CSS, use the multi-line ('loud') comment style, which start with `/*` and end at the next `*/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If it's important for the comment to be included in the compiled CSS, use the multi-line ('loud') comment style, which start with `/*` and end at the next `*/`.
```

Just to make it really clear?

> If it's important for the comment to be included in the compiled CSS, use the multi-line ('loud') comment style, which start with `/*` and end at the next `*/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's important to include the comment in the compiled CSS, use the multi-line ('loud') comment style, which starts with `/*` and ends at the next `*/`.
```

Wrap comments at 80 characters wherever possible.

### SassDoc

We document SCSS using [SassDoc](http://sassdoc.com/). This includes most of the settings, helpers and tools layers, with variables, functions and mixins being marked as private or public.

The SassDoc comments are used to generate the [Sass API reference in the GOV.UK Frontend docs](https://frontend.design-system.service.gov.uk/sass-api-reference/).

> Use three slashes (`///`) at the start of the line for SassDoc comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SassDoc comments, use 3 slashes (`///`) at the start of the line.
```
